Mom, just come out
Just come out
Is that so?
Mom is at ease
It's all my fault, I'm blind
Must marry that snake fairy and man
I'm so angry with you
It's all my fault
A little more than a jerk
It's okay, the woman is fine
Mom, don't worry.
I'll get the dowry money back tomorrow
See you
Never mind.
Just come out safe and sound
Those unreconciled things
Forget it, right?
Yes shit
It's my mom's fault
Mom is going down to see your dad
You first
You have a good rest first
Light Snow
Take me to the doctor
I want to know about my mother's condition
Mom, did you save me?
Gave all the dowry money to their family
Brother is not just the bride price money
And a cemetery
Mom gave them the cemetery
They are willing to make a butterfly tree or something